README.md, before:

# Project 14: Around The U.S.
## William Schutte
## October 2020
Practicum by Yandex
-----
[View this project here!](https://william-schutte.github.io/react-around-auth/)

### Overview
This project adds to the foundations of my previous React application. This version includes routes for signing
in and signing up, and is temporarily connected to an externally run server for user authentication. In the next
project, I will connect to my own custom API. 


### Techniques
This page stores a JWT to keep users logged in. It uses ReactRouter for navigation as well as state management
and higher-order components to protect routes and redirect users.

### Technologies
* React
* NPM
* JS/JSX/HTML/CSS
* Git/GitHub
* Visual Studio Code
* Figma

-----

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).


## Revisions:

### First Review: 10/5/20
Changes by component: 
* EditProfilePopup: Moved close popup functionality to HandleUpdateUser() function in App
* EditAvatarPopup: Moved close popup functionality to HandleUpdateAvatar() function in App
* EditAvatarPopup: Converted to class component to take advantage of state for text field and to clear
    text on close
* AddPlacePopup: Changed initial textfield values to empty string instead of null
* AddPlacePopup: Moved close popup functionality to HandleAddPlace() function in App
* Header: Moved logOut function to App and passed in through props (all JWT modifications done in App)
* Login: Moved login function to App and passed through props (all api requests done in App)
* Register: Moved register function to App and passed through props (all api requests done in App)
* App: Added catch() blocks to all promises that did not have one

* auth.js: Removed unnecessary catch() blocks

Commit message:

feat: Add mobile header menu for user email and logout button

README.md, after:

# Project 14: Around The U.S.
## William Schutte
## October 2020
Practicum by Yandex
-----
[View this project here!](https://william-schutte.github.io/react-around-auth/)

### Overview
This project adds to the foundations of my previous React application. This version includes routes for signing
in and signing up, and is temporarily connected to an externally run server for user authentication. In the next
project, I will connect to my own custom API. 

### Techniques
I utilized many of the primary features of React in this application. I used React routes to direct unregistered
users to the login page and a protected route, a higher-order component, to secure the main page content. Once 
logged in, the app stores a JWT so that users don't have to log in again when revisiting/reloading. I designed a 
variety of Functional and Class components to get used to using state, methods, and handlers in both types. 
Navigation is handled with ReactRouter via Link components, Redirect components, and the push() method of the 
history object.

### Technologies
* React
* NPM
* JS/JSX/HTML/CSS
* Git/GitHub
* Visual Studio Code
* Figma

-----

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).


## Revisions:

### First Review: 10/5/20
* Added responsive CSS rules for Log In and Sign Up pages for mobile
* Changed InfoToolTip styles for mobile
* Changed Header for mobile, used mobile menu from design spec
    Now has modal header for user email and Sign Out btn when expanded
* Added didUpdate() function to EditAvatarPopup to handle changing of text value on close

### First Review: 10/5/20
Changes by component: 
* EditProfilePopup: Moved close popup functionality to HandleUpdateUser() function in App
* EditAvatarPopup: Moved close popup functionality to HandleUpdateAvatar() function in App
* EditAvatarPopup: Converted to class component to take advantage of state for text field and to clear
    text on close
* AddPlacePopup: Changed initial textfield values to empty string instead of null
* AddPlacePopup: Moved close popup functionality to HandleAddPlace() function in App
* Header: Moved logOut function to App and passed in through props (all JWT modifications done in App)
* Login: Moved login function to App and passed through props (all api requests done in App)
* Register: Moved register function to App and passed through props (all api requests done in App)
* App: Added catch() blocks to all promises that did not have one

* auth.js: Removed unnecessary catch() blocks
